hello everyone my name is Sol monger and
I'd like to welcome you guys back to
more puppeteer in the last episode we
defeated the moon bear king and saved
the moon and all the children of the
world oh yeah so now we got some extra I
got an extra picture book that I wanted
to share with you guys and also I wanted
to go over the head collection that we
collected I didn't have any time to go
back and go get all the other heads yet
but I do plan to do that sometime in the
future when I get more time just not
right away so let's go ahead and check
out the last act for all the heads that
we have found we've found so many heads
along the way so many cool different
heads in this game and you know it's a
cool feeling getting these knowing that
you can go back lay through the game and
unlock all these sweet little secrets
and like bonuses along the way which is
really cool and I recommend buying the
game if you have not because of that I
mean even if you watched a full
playthrough you still can go back and
have a whole nother experience with the
different hands so let's check it out
first off we got Frosty the Snowman here
he rolls himself into a bigger head and
then a small head so cool then we got
ourselves the Christmas tree oh yeah we
trimmed it up real nice trim in your
face
we got the penguin who has little
penguins very cute and we got the UFO
beam me up
nice then we got the monkey from general
monkey of course you like his banana but
no throwing here you know what I mean
all right then we got the moon goddess
oh yeah real nice
then of course we have the White Castle
so as the moon got us inside of it it's
only fitting then of course the moon
bear king oh yeah you guys can pause
this at any time to to read the story
some of them are probably pretty
interesting and then of course we got
our boy coop to row and he he can't find
his hat but at the end he did find it
which was nice very cool so let's check
out our picture book I'm guessing it's
gonna be aunt cooter oh that's my that's
my guess
cooter Oh Kotaro whatever you want to
call them our hero I think it's gonna be
on let's check it out
or the moon bear king could be on him
too as well I'm excited yep it's on the
moon bear king the little bear that
could
the little bear that could once upon a
time a small and lovable bear lived on
the moon the moon goddess called him
little bear and loved him very much
little bear and his 12 animal friends
lived in a shining white castle and they
were all very happy
the god hath said to him little bear
you could play anywhere you want with
anything you like
but promise me you will never ever touch
these moon stones I promise
was little bears cheerful reply
but one day when the goddess was away
yin yang macaque came up to little bear
meow goodness the goddess certainly
thinks you are very special
haha said little bear I just love her to
pieces
and she loves me right back haha him
sputter yin yang as he cleared a
hairball from his throat guess she now
then why won't she permit you to touch
the Mian stones
love shouldn't have any rules with
immune stones you could be just as wise
as fair you could live forever just the
same as she does one of the two moon
stones was white and beautiful and
brimmed with eternal life the other was
black and alluring and concealed endless
knowledge in its depths the second moon
stone was just too much for little bear
to resist
you recap the light of truth dawned
within him goddess has deceived us this
is the paradise it's a cage no better
why she's no goddess at all
she's just a wig little bear told all of
his friends what he had learned
you're just a slab of bacon a ham
sandwich in a grand lunchbox
you've been cockadoodle duped but I'm
too chicken to fight back you you make
it rain but haven't you ever wanted to
make it Paul she told you those were
happy fans and you believed her
open your eyes friends this is
revolution little Bairstow Calabrese
the goddesses sacred scissors and fought
valiantly against the castle soldiers
when his 12 friends saw little bears
gallant struggle their heart swelled
with courage and they to join the battle
the moon-goddess returned when she heard
about the brouhaha her face was filled
with compassion and forgiveness little
bear you may be a promise now be a good
bear and give the moonstone and
Calabrese back never cried little bear
as he slashed wildly with his new weapon
he tried not to look at her one more
second gazing at his dear sweet goddess
and he might give in
who asked for a hug we are free from you
forever he declared the other 12 animals
ran off after their new leader let's
make our own Kingdom they said and with
Calabrese their bright new future and
their happily ever after
we're just a few slips away the end holy
cow
didn't expect yin-yang my boy to have
that bigger part in what happened there
kind of sad about that
young young I thought you were my boy
though you're my boy but either way let
me know what you guys thought about this
story don't forget to leave a thumbs up
leave a favorite and subscribe for more
awesome video games have a great day
everyone